docs - remote sync edits (#68923)
metabase/metabase: docs/installation-and-operation/remote-sync.md

### Key concepts

**Remote Sync has two modes for different roles**:

- **Read-write mode**: Create and edit content. You can [push](#pushing-changes-to-git) and [pull](#pulling-changes-from-git) changes to and from your repository. Multiple Metabase instances can connect in Read-write mode, each working on [different branches](#branch-management).

> - **Read-only mode**: Read-only instances only [pull](#pulling-changes-from-git) changes (typically from your main branch) and don't allow direct editing of synced content. In Read-only mode, you also can't edit transforms (even if transforms syncing isn't enabled), can't edit Library content, and can't create segments or measures on published tables. You can set up [auto-sync](#pulling-changes-automatically) to automatically pull approved changes every five minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Read-only mode**: Read-only instances only [pull](#pulling-changes-from-git) changes (typically from your main branch) and don't allow direct editing of synced content. In Read-only mode, you also can't edit transforms (even if transforms syncing wasn't enabled in read-write mode), can't edit Library content, and can't create segments or measures on published tables. You can set up [auto-sync](#pulling-changes-automatically) to automatically pull approved changes every five minutes.
```

since the enabling happens in a different mode

At this point, you should be all set up. Exit Admin settings, then reload your browser. You should see your synced collections in your production Metabase.

> ### 8. Configure Transforms syncing (optional)

Reviewer: why capitalized?
